The most important input into the 'analysis stage' is
a. customer requirements
b. development tools
c. required project roles
d. cost-benefit results.

What is the main purpose of using 'High Level' 
design in application development?

a. To determine the communication processes between entities.
b. To ensure the requirements are achievable.
c. To determine the enhanced user experience.
d. To identify all issues associated with the system.

Which one of the following is viewed as a 'benefit' 
when using prototyping as a development method?
a. The level of documentation is thorough.
b. The pace of development is fast.
c. A formal test strategy is implemented.
d. All non-functional requirements are implemented.

4 An important consideration when choosing a
suitable programming language can be the
a. end users’ preference
b. developers' preference
c. clients’ non-functional requirements
d. testing of functional requirements.

What is the purpose of 'functional testing'?
a. Establish the ability of the system to perform under load.
b. Confirm the speed of system response.
c. Establish that the application runs on a specific operating system.
d. Confirm the ability to perform intended tasks.

What is the main purpose of carrying out end to end testing?
a. To make sure that the database integrity is not compromised.
b. To make sure all other tests have been completed.
c. To validate the performance of the system under load.
d. To confirm the functionality of the system as a whole.

Which one of the following activities takes place during 
the 'software deployment stage' of application development?
a. System tested with no failures.
b. Functionality validated by end users.
c. Implementation in a live environment.
d. Creation of high level design documentation.

What is the main purpose of raising faults with the development 
team during the 'maintenance stage' of application development?
a. To allow the usability of the system to be measured.
b. To enable integration with bespoke software.
c. To ensure that platform specific skills are retained.
d. To identify critical issues affecting system availability.

Which one of the following statements
always applies to the 'maintenance stage'
in an application development lifecycle?

a. At the end of the stage, all faults will have been fixed.
b. This stage can last as long as possible.
c. During this stage, testing is no longer beneficial.
d. At the end of the stage, the product is no longer supported.

Which one of the following is an
organisational policy providing a
framework dictating the guidelines to be
followed by software development teams?
a. Formulation.
b. Regression.
c. Standardisation.
d. Examination.



